and there, guys, beauty rafael here all
People you here replay of me fasp
drivers and face and follow plate do not want
talk a little about what you think of the game
Because he's a guy, I've always been a fan of
need for speed series but the last one
of them was to ask that I really played
I finished very willingly
uniform speed your friend or carbon
He came later if I 'm not mistaken.
a year in force I 'm not mistaken
was fashion was cool we do where
was great of 2 shows human understands and
nor are we going to ask for coal are deceived
order and that I'm a big fan of the series
because I've always liked the way that I
was a guest object is not a game that
if it entered a very real way of
driving this is a way of running the
I play every way over here that mode
which I find most fun car game
so it's the kind of game going to play
not that I do not like to play
simulators
even because there are almost as many
pc followers but I was very fond of
play some old games as great
tourism and such but beauty me for speed
it was a little we played
cup I found it very interesting because
it brings something that kinda joins that
game called bournout along with exit
of a thorn where you can do
races and such
in this blog you can choose to play
with the police rodrigo team or the
team of guys running in
corridors her so I found a lot
interesting you have two options you can
be the last
the little face you can be the
people who go through gaps in the streets and
it is an interesting thing to give
you play in this world's multiplayer and
I think this business playing
So multiplayer also brings something well
interesting of kind a guy who goes
Try to end your race to it
as he very much remembers the burnout game
and dude ignores the fact he's driving
too bad because I was driving
and of course do much time elapsed
on the keyboard then it's kind of strange
play for me but I was trying
set the keys people look good
for me to play
so this way the guy playing type
you play as a police officer or as
runner same guy that does
the handles are you have that option you
The staff is making the
running or you do the thing that
You have to be careful now that you are
messing up and this has a way
multiplayer so I found it well
interesting because out of nowhere appeared
people playing on the same map as me
I was playing and I could try
mess them up like running against them
If I had you I would be a guy who
practice races but how are you playing
Because of the police, you're going to see me.
I think it's interesting to see this.
I did not try and I did not make a run.
against anyone the screen I do not have a
The car that was in the key is very
cool is kind of hauling on the
middle of the race but it was very interesting
to see how the game works like that
face in front has a name that is a
another person who is playing then man is
I am very very very same show to see
There's even the strong side you can
recommend some carriers and I
was trying to knock this guy out.
had understood very well how to pack
how to jump and how to do it for you guys
that the car tried yesterday two
that the mpe in another business there
that I also very well what he does
so I 'm still learning to play
the game played a little bit just to see
what it was like and I saw it really
something interesting to play what
You have to be there to practice how to beat.
the practical cases manage to overthrow
they have the right powers of the car when
the old power are the skills that
You have with mpe so I notice that there
I have not tried it that way but it does not
I can continue the persecution because I
I saw that the place was in the last because
besides driving is driving badly in the
game I simply is not was
understanding very well what I had to
do since this was a little uncle
my first moments of game though
It would be really cool if you had school.
because it's there in the last hours it looks
flood and if she really was
in the last hours but I thought I
also the last, I will not go
I even risk it because I do not know what happens
my car explodes
then something else that will take the following
I 'll tell you, it 's some more.
games because this game and that was I want
tell you not only if someone did I
I'll talk a little more about some
things I saw in the game but I want to
Show talk to you a little bit
about my experience with cars in
real life what kind of experience I
I had to drive over the 134 calcium
car I have now that has a lot
thing for you a driver's license
but went outside
It's because it has a very long history.
about my driver's license that
It was kind of annoying to do so I'm going
explain to you there I will tell the
your next videos where I 'm at
you need for speed anger
so that's it I hope you have
liked it like that force
of that on the faces and even more